I made some sweet juice for Adam.
Made one for you to try it.
Amber used to make something just like this.
I've had so many Michelin star chefs try to replicate it, but none of them could.
How did you do it?
My sister hated sweet things.
Why would she make juice for Owen?
Was her secret ingredient?
What did you add?
I added apples, oranges, plums, and fresh rose petals.
Rose petals? Yes, yes, yes, that's it.
What did you say you got the roses from?
I'm going back here.
There's just one rose bush there.
We lose its time.
I planted that rose bush.
How dare you pick it with all my permission!
You won't die!
I had took me to that bush.
These are just black!
They bloomed, they whither.
Why not put them to a better use?
Amber said that.
You and her are saying the same things.
Who are you?
We'll fight with someone.
It's Owen.
His temper is unpredictable like a madman.
He hurt you.
He's scary.
Sweetie.
Don't you ever grow up to be an erratic man like him?
Okay.
Okay, well, Erica.
And stay away from him.
Your face changes.
Sometimes pale, sometimes red.
My face turns red when I see him.
Owen not only looks familiar, but also makes me blush.
He's too temperamental.
Interchanging between being gentle and violent.
He's too dangerous.
And most gentle so doesn't deserve a guy like him.
Why does she say the exact same thing as Emma used to?
And why does she feel so familiar?
Just because she's Emma's sister.
Or could she be the Emma I'm looking for?
I'm thinking.
If she really were Emma, why wouldn't she recognize me and hide her identity?
Don't be sorry.
Puss, there's something wrong without him.
What happened?
He came into the room and he was looking for you.
Then he said he was hurting his stomach or something.
Is that okay that we're here?
Yeah, that's fine.
I've been found Dr. Reed.
He's going to come here so no support at all.
It's going to take you two to three days at the Alice.
Two to three days.
He has high fever.
Go find a doctor from the nearest hospital.
Yes, he is.
Now.
He's getting so serious.
He has acute gastroenteritis from consuming too much cold food.
A guy is screaming.
And now he has a high fever.
He needs close monitoring.
I didn't stop him in time.
I can't trust you with a child.
Go.
I'll take care of her myself.
No, I don't want Mama Eric.
Totally.
She wasn't the one who gave me hope of the ice cream.
It was a lady named Freya.
I heard them.
They say that she gave me so much.
I'm sorry.
I hate to unlock.
Go get Freya, forget.
I didn't even know she was back.
I miss you so much.
How could you give him so much ice cream?
Huh?
Because he's your child after all.
I'll give him whatever he wants.
You don't have to worry.
He just has a little bit of stomach pain.
But you know, kids will get better really soon.
I was willing to forgive you for what you did to me in the garden.
But this is too much.
Don't you understand?
Karma's coming for you.
How could you do something like that?
What has he ever done to you?
I just wanted to spoil him a little bit because it's your son.
I didn't think he was going to make him sick.
I've never looked after a child.
I didn't know.
You are an adult.
You didn't know that feeding too much ice cream to a kid would make him sick.
What have you done?
What's your mouth, bitch?
I bet you're not even mad about the kid.
You mad?
You guys have stuck different things in your flowers in the garden today.
You'll be trying to seduce Owen.
And now because I'm ruining your plan, you're trying to humiliate me and slander me.
You're adressing the truth.
We grew up together.
I kind of slipped after you.
Since you were born, I've been here for 20 years.
You have to trust me.
First you do this.
And then you turn to daddy for help.
I'm not even planning this in the garden.
This is Owen's own child.
He is suffering because of you.
I feel your fault.
See my ice cream and she wouldn't stop me.
So this is her fault.
That's enough.
Adam needs to rest.
Freya, you're in the wrong ear.
You're going to apologize to Adam.
And then you're going to cover the medical expenses.
In Erica, you're going to be responsible for beating now on.
I'm sorry, Adam.
Aren't you afraid it?
It's all her fault.
I did.
I would spoil you like that anymore.
From Adam.
If I see you near him, I will tear you apart.
Where are you laughing at?
Well, aren't you a beast at protecting now unless you have practically rose?
This is what I expected from them as sister.
Fiesty as she was.
Emma was the gentlest person in the world.
She would have cried from that.
Are we talking about the same Emma here?
I feel really guilty for not taking good care of him.
Emma, I'm so sorry.
Well, you couldn't have been looking after him constantly.
When we look after him together, maybe he'll recover faster.
Dear you bastards, you merely hate me like this.
I'm going to make you pay.
Don't come to the mansion as soon as possible.
I want them dead.
Morning sugar, Emma.
Yes, it's me.
I haven't heard you call me that for so long.
I miss you so much.
Get the doctor.
I'll see you about some breakfast.
The kiss.
What am I dreaming about?
His heart and eyes are full of Emma.
I don't want to be jealous of my sister.
For that kiss.
It feels a lot like Emma.
Morning sugar, Owen.
But why did you call me sugar, Owen?
That's a secret name between me and Emma.
I need to test her a bit more.
Why, you're here?
How did you come back?
Sorry.
I finally found you.
I was wrong.
I want for you to take your medicine.
Please, don't disappear like that again.
You scared me.
Well, maybe if you invite Miss Emma.
My savior.
Back to the villa it might motivate me to take my medicine.
Don't do that.
You injure yourself.
I'm not here.
I'll be here.
What do you mean?
I'm not working.
So she really is pregnant?
Yes, sorry.
It's too early for that.
It hasn't abandoned us.
I promise that I will do everything I can
so that I'll be able to witness the birth of our child myself.
I'm not supposed to be here.
Oh, and Russell inform you that I have discovered your true identity.
You are nothing but a low-life skank who tries to bind me with a child.
I won't let you keep this child.
What is this?
Hey!
Drink it and I have nothing to do with the rest of you.
No!
He has plenty of women that can bear his children.
And they're from high.
You think you're so important for him?
Why he would let you here?
I'm pregnant.
Who's that possible? Who's the father?
My baby doesn't have a father.
We're not enough for him.
Will you help me find a place to stay? I want to keep it.
Of course.
Definitely help you.
Just like before when you helped me when we exchanged identities.
Why did I switch identities with you?
Switch identities?
What does that mean?
Could it be?
Nobody can help me but you.
I love him.
I love Dan Erika.
And without this love I wouldn't have made it until now.
But won't the truth come out soon?
Emma, we can't deceive people like this.
It won't be long.
Just give me some time.
I will leave the city with him.
And I will make him fall in love with me.
And he is familiar.
He just wanted you to marry him because you're more healthy than me
and capable of marrying children.
But you don't love him.
So it's better for both of us.
He does fall in love with you and the truth.
Thank you.
Thank you Erika.
From now on.
From Owen's Emma.
The one he's been looking for all this time was me.
You devil!
You are the one who wanted to kill my child.
I will not let you get away with this.
I will tell.
To do that to you.
Without Mitter Russell's consent.
What?
You were just this past time when he was sick.
Otherwise, why he didn't bring you with him when he went to his eyes treatment.
He was going to inherit the family's fortune.
And then he became a stain in his life.
That's why he had to get rid of you and aid him.
His illegitimate bastard.
That's impossible.
He's amazing.
He's looking for me.
He loves me.
If he loves you.
How come he couldn't recognize you after spending so many days with you.
He still doesn't know that you are Emma.
If he finds out you know what will happen to the woman who only brought stain in his life.
You know better than me.
Do you want to stay in this cold and dark basement forever?
Back then.
You know it with thanks to me if you could escape.
So I advise you to go out right now.
Nothing more about your child.
Oh my dear Adam.
Oh my son.
I am so sorry.
I haven't been with you this whole time.
Where are you taking my child, Erica?
Just help me one more time.
I need a child to make dense family back into a marriage.
So I can be my status.
Besides, the father of the child he doesn't owe anymore or him.
That's just important to me.
The good care of him.
Kevin.
Hold on to this.
We miss him.
Let me back my son.
His son.
This has to be our secret.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I was just thinking of Emma.
I didn't take good care of the kid and that's sick.
Don't worry.
I'll take good care of Adam.
I owe him about much.
Oh?
I did a lot of things wrong back then.
I heard her deeply.
It wasn't until I turned.
I realized how much I missed her.
To do that to you without Mr. Russell's consent.
So, you never loved me?
Enough.
Adam is better now, so I will take him back to his room.
Let's go.
I also need some rest.
All right.
You two rest well.
Come see you later this evening.
You shouldn't be staying up late, Mr. Owen.
I finally found my son.
He hasn't been feeling well.
I've been looking after him.
I saw the family business run.
Your cornea transplant surgery was rushed.
And the recovery period was too short.
Otherwise, you wouldn't have headaches for staying up late.
And then I arrived too late.
I rushed to surgery just so that I could see my loved one in trial.
I should have taken them with me.
I wouldn't be gone disappearing without a trace.
Mr. Owen?
Look at me.
I have everything except for the one thing I love the most.
How can I make a mess?
Perhaps God is punishing me.
Making me live a lifetime of pain and regret.
I'm sorry, Mr. Owen.
I feel guilty for betraying your trust.
It's all my fault that you are in such pain.
Do you remember Emma?
Erica said that they're sisters.
Do you think they look alike?
Well...
Adam and Ms. Erica have been missing, sir.
What?
You two are lucky.
But don't come back.
We're going to make you bleed.
Adam, be careful, don't make any of this.
We'll be going.
Anyway, as long as it's only for Owen.
I guess you must really hate me.
Why would you run away?
And where are you taking my son?
It's dangerous out there.
Staying here is the same.
I will not let Adam stay with someone like you.
Get away from him.
Leave my son back.
Owen, don't be angry with my brainer.
Hand me the child.
Get your filthy hands off of him.
Already have a woman who deserved white bother with the buster child.
What are you talking about?
Emma's my only wife.
And he's my son, not some bastard child.
How did the master of sweet talk like you lose Emma and Adam for so long, huh?
Alright, that's enough.
Ben, take him to the room and lock the door.
Don't let anyone in without my permission.
Oh, this be...
You already imprisoned me and our child once, Owen.
And now you're doing it again, aren't you?
You have to calm down.
Possible.
Emma, fuck you.
Just died.
I mean, Erica appears.
Erica.
Must be only Emma.
It's impossible.
She's supposed to be dead.
No.
Actually, I couldn't bear it.
My bastard, post me dead.
I'm a doctor.
And doctor can only save lives.
They cannot take them.
I had to lie to Owen, telling him that Emma had been taken by the Russell family.
I hope she will never come.
Lied to Emma, making her believe that everything had been instructed by Owen so that she couldn't
recognize him.
I don't care who she is.
I must have her killed.
Oh, it is mine.
And only mine.
Darling, we are only Owen's family doctors.
Even without Erica, the Russell family will never accept you.
I don't care.
I will never let any other woman by his side.
Mr. Russell wants to see you.
What does he want?
Probably wants to talk about Adam's condition.
Oh, Mr. Owen's most precious belongings.
You, feeling bastard.
Wasn't it taken by Emma?
Why is it here?
Come with me.
My goodness.
How could you?
This is Emma's necklace.
My favorite.
You are truly something for Anne.
You have been here for three seconds and you already know what's missing.
Who stole it?
Head it over.
Daddy, she framed me.
I worked for her finally for ten years.
How could I possibly steal something?
As far as to God, I saw it with my own eyes.
She is the one who stole your belongings.
If you buy his innocence, then strip naked and we'll see.
She's already proven her innocence.
Now it's your turn, Erica.
Are you seriously asking me to strip?
What are you waiting for?
Take a close off.
Don't touch me.
It's all his niggas.
Is this how you show your love?
Are you humiliating me?
Are you getting it?
It's over and they'll stop.
You don't?
Nor do you love?
I'll take it off.
If you knew I was Emma, would you still treat me like this?
I'm sorry, Erica.
Emma left me with almost nothing.
The necklace, I have to get it back.
You are truly something, Mr. Russell.
You didn't cherish Emma.
And now you're using her things to torment her sister.
Open your eyes, Owen.
I don't have the necklace.
But she won't believe what I just found in the front yard.
Get out.
Everybody out.
Why are you doing this?
Don't want other men to see my body?
Why?
You just humiliated me.
And now you want to protect me?
I don't understand, Owen.
I feel like I don't know you.
First you kept kind to me and then you hurt me.
I don't understand your feelings for me.
Who am I to you?
Do you love me?
Or am I just a play toy to you?
Same as back then?
You're a wonderful and beautiful person.
But until I understand the truth of what happened,
my heart belongs to the girl who saved me.
Really?
I will not betray her love.
You may look like her, but you're not her.
You're her sister.
I will respect your love the person I love.
There are no substitutes.
Sister.
So you still haven't recognized me.
Your love?
It's fake.
Owen, pour his heart.
I can't accept this.
I won't.
It's for him.
I think you're too kind.
Not like that low light beach,
who only knows how to seduce men all day long.
If he would also bear Mr. Russell's child,
maybe Mr. Russell would be allowed to you.
I can't fact speak a lot.
The matriarch of the Owen family
cannot resort to such measures.
Is there some surgery real moral part
and they're losing Mr. Russell?
You're right.
Owen can only be mine.
What's the occasion?
It's been a while since we've had a dinner like this together, Owen.
Do you remember?
We used to sit together and eat when we were kids.
I noticed you've been spending a lot of time with Erica recently.
Do you like her?
How could I?
It's so amazing.
Oh, since you're here.
You know, Owen loves listening to the violin.
We hardly have time for a date anymore.
Would you mind lighting the mood and playing some for us?
Don't worry.
I can...
It has been a long time since I've heard ever play.
Can you play?
You know that piece.
I taught you.